README.md, before:

# Security and privay individual coursework
## the structure of the project
```plaintext
security-and-privacy/                
│
├── Online_Forum_Safe_Version/       # The code for Coursework 2
│   │
│   ├── instance/                   
│   │   └── userPasswd.db            # The database for storing usernames and hashed passwords
│   │
│   ├── static/                      # Static files for the website
│   │   └── css/                     
│   │       └── style1.css           # The CSS file for the website
│   │
│   ├── templates/                   
│   │   ├── login.html               # The login page of the website
│   │   └── upload.html              # The page for sharing comics
│   │
│   ├── utils/                       
│   │   ├── __init__.py
│   │   └── login_attempt_limitation.py  # The code for limiting the number of login attempts using a dictionary
│   │
│   └── app.py                       # The backend code for the website
│
├── Online_Forum_Unsafe_Version/     # The code for Coursework 1
│   │
│   ├── instance/                    
│   │   └── userPasswd.db            # Same as above, details are not repeated below.
│   │   
│   ├── static/                      
│   │   ├── css/                    
│   │   │   └── style1.css                   
│   │   │
│   ├── templates/                 
│   │   ├── login.html              
│   │   └── upload.html              
│   │
│   └── app.py                       
│
├── adversarial_attack/            # The data and code for adversarial attack
│   │  
│   ├── captcha/                   # Adversarial CAPTCHA generated by STGM(Stocastic Transformation Gradient Method)
│   │   ├── chair/                 # The CAPTCHA images which have "chair" as their original label 
│   │   ├── cup/                   ...
│   │   ├── elephant/              ...
│   │   └── laptop/                ...
│   │
│   ├── data/                      # raw images for generating adversarial examples
│   │   ├── caltech101             # Caltech 101 dataset
│   │   └── tiny-imagenet-200      # Tiny ImageNet-200 dataset(deprecated)
│   │
│   ├── environment.yaml      # Environment configuration file
│   ├── STGM.ipynb            # STGM adversarial example notebook
│   └── STGM_batch_version.py # STGM batch version script
│    
│   
├── attacker/                             # Attacker scripts and related files
│   ├── 200-most-common-passwords-en.pdf  # PDF of 200 most common passwords
│   ├── Common Password List.txt          # Common password list in text format,for dictonary attack
│   ├── dictionary_attack.py              
│   ├── http_flood.py                     
│   └── SQL injection list.txt            # SQL injection commands
│
├── README.md
│
└── requirements.txt
```
usage:<br>
for the online forum safe version & unsafe version:
```plaintext
    conda create -n security python=3.12
    conda activate security
    pip install -r requirements_online_forum.txt
    cd Online_Forum_Safe_Version       # or Online_Forum_Unsafe_Version
    python app.py
```
Then click the link to enter the URL http://127.0.0.1:5000.<br>

execute various attacks in the attacker folder:  
(please make sure the server is running)
```plaintext
    cd attacker
    python dictionary_attack.py
    python http_flood.py
```
for SQL injection attack, please enter the SQL injection commands in SQL injection list.txt to test the website.  

for adversarial attack:
```plaintext
    conda create -n adversarial python=3.12.3
    conda activate adversarial
    pip install -r requirements_adversarial.txt
    cd adversarial_attack
    python STGM_batch_version.py
```
The STGM_batch_version.py file will generate adversarial examples using STGM(stochastic targeted gradient method).

Commit message:

added dataset,updated README.md

README.md, after:

# Security and privay individual coursework
## the structure of the project
```plaintext
security-and-privacy/                
│
├── Online_Forum_Safe_Version/       # The code for Coursework 2
│   │
│   ├── instance/                   
│   │   └── userPasswd.db            # The database for storing usernames and hashed passwords
│   │
│   ├── static/                      # Static files for the website
│   │   └── css/                     
│   │       └── style1.css           # The CSS file for the website
│   │
│   ├── templates/                   
│   │   ├── login.html               # The login page of the website
│   │   └── upload.html              # The page for sharing comics
│   │
│   ├── utils/                       
│   │   ├── __init__.py
│   │   └── login_attempt_limitation.py  # The code for limiting the number of login attempts using a dictionary
│   │
│   └── app.py                       # The backend code for the website
│
├── Online_Forum_Unsafe_Version/     # The code for Coursework 1
│   │
│   ├── instance/                    
│   │   └── userPasswd.db            # Same as above, details are not repeated below.
│   │   
│   ├── static/                      
│   │   ├── css/                    
│   │   │   └── style1.css                   
│   │   │
│   ├── templates/                 
│   │   ├── login.html              
│   │   └── upload.html              
│   │
│   └── app.py                       
│
├── adversarial_attack/            # The data and code for adversarial attack
│   │  
│   ├── captcha/                   # Adversarial CAPTCHA generated by STGM(Stocastic Transformation Gradient Method)
│   │   ├── chair/                 # The CAPTCHA images which have "chair" as their original label 
│   │   ├── cup/                   ...
│   │   ├── elephant/              ...
│   │   └── laptop/                ...
│   │
│   ├── data/                      # raw images for generating adversarial examples
│   │   ├── caltech101             # Caltech 101 dataset
│   │   │   └── 101_small          # A subset of the Caltech 101 dataset
│   │   ├── imagenet_classes.txt   # ImageNet classes labels
│   │   └── tiny-imagenet-200      # Tiny ImageNet-200 dataset(deprecated)
│   │
│   ├── environment.yaml      # Environment configuration file
│   ├── STGM.ipynb            # STGM adversarial example notebook
│   └── STGM_batch_version.py # STGM batch version script
│    
│   
├── attacker/                             # Attacker scripts and related files
│   ├── 200-most-common-passwords-en.pdf  # PDF of 200 most common passwords
│   ├── Common Password List.txt          # Common password list in text format,for dictonary attack
│   ├── dictionary_attack.py              
│   ├── http_flood.py                     
│   └── SQL injection list.txt            # SQL injection commands
│
├── README.md
│
└── requirements.txt
```
Usage:<br>
For the online forum safe version & unsafe version:
```plaintext
    conda create -n security python=3.12
    conda activate security
    pip install -r requirements_online_forum.txt
    cd Online_Forum_Safe_Version       # or Online_Forum_Unsafe_Version
    python app.py
```
Then click the link to enter the URL http://127.0.0.1:5000.<br>

Execute various attacks in the attacker folder:  
(please make sure the server is running)
```plaintext
    cd attacker
    python dictionary_attack.py
    python http_flood.py
```
For SQL injection attack, please enter the SQL injection commands in SQL injection list.txt to test the website.  

For adversarial attack:
```plaintext
    conda create -n adversarial python=3.12.3
    conda activate adversarial
    pip install -r requirements_adversarial.txt
    cd adversarial_attack
```
A subset of the Caltech 101 dataset is given in the data folder, and it's enough to generate adversarial examples.   
If you want to generate more kinds of adversarial CAPTCHA, please download the caltech101 dataset using torchvision:  
```plaintext
    from torchvision import datasets
    datasets.Caltech101(root='./data', download=True)
```
Then run the following command:
```plaintext
    python STGM_batch_version.py
```
The STGM_batch_version.py file will generate adversarial examples using STGM(stochastic targeted gradient method).
if you want to see more details, please refer to the STGM.ipynb file.
